feat(s3): Expose New Options (#6958)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/plugins/destinations/azblob/overview.mdx

- `format` (string) (required)

  Format of the output file. `json` and `csv` are supported.

> - `format_spec` (map [format_spec](#format_spec)) (default: current account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `format_spec` (map [format_spec](#format_spec)) (optional)
```

  Optional parameters to change the format of the file

## format_spec

- `delimiter` (string) (optional) (default: `,`)

  Character that will be used as want to use as the delimiter if the format type is `csv`

- `include_headers` (bool) (optional) (default: true)

>   Specifies if the first header of a file should be the headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies if the first line of a file should be the headers (when format is `csv`).
```
